# CS330-Computer-Graphic-And-Visualization
SNHU
1. How do I approach designing software?
   What new design skills has your work on the project helped you to craft?
    After working on the project, I have acquired many new design skills. Some of those skills include understanding realism in a scene and then best portraying that in my own scene. Understanding how objects sit in a scene is especially important as well as the layout can make a scene look busy and unorganized, which is       unappealing. The next part of the design is the color and texturing on the item which then is directly influenced by lighting of the scene as well. Different lighting can make an object look different, which different lighting intensity, color, and angle all play a difference. Overall, this project gave me a new            understanding on how design can create an appealing or unappealing scene and it is important to learn and implement proper design skills into any type of work. 
  What design process did you follow for your project work?
    The design process I followed was to first understand my scene and how the objects play a part in that scene. Then when creating my 3D scene, I made sure to work on one object at a time starting with the base and then making sure the texturing and the light worked well with each piece. From there I added pieces and         then made sure they were laid out properly in respect to each other and the base. Lastly, I created light that represented the real world and created the most realistic scene possible. 
  How could tactics from your design approach be applied in future work?
    The tactics mentioned above could all be reused for my future problems. In simple terms the list should go understand your scene and how it is laid out and how each object plays a role in the whole scene. Then start with the base or frame and then build up from there. The overall goal is to make a scene that is the         most realistic to what your goal is. As the goal changes the realistic Ness of it will change as well.
   
2.How do I approach developing programs?
  What new development strategies did you use while working on your 3D scene?
    Some new development strategies I have learned through this course is one keep like information together which helped me to find specific items much quicker. Another strategy is to keep the code as neat as possible and take out unneeded lines, which will help to keep it organized as well. Lastly, is to make sure to add     good notes throughout the code which helps keep it understandable as there are a lot of numbers and parameters that can be forgotten if there are not notes in place to let people know what each part of the code does.
  How did iteration factor into your development?
    The iteration factor played a part in my project in similar ways to how I explained about by keeping my project organized and helps to show me the process in which the project was developed. Overall, it kept me on pace in completing the project and helped to prevent the project from becoming stressful which in turn         becomes more manageable.
  How has your approach to developing code evolved throughout the milestones, which led you to the project’s completion?
    My approach to developing code has evolved in many ways. Some of those ways including being able to understand how the code works together, doing proper research in understanding how to implement different yes of code, asking good questions, and overall doing what needs to be done to create an excellent product at the      end of the day.
    
3.How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
  How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future educational pathway?
    This course has given me new knowledge that can be applied to my future educational pathway in multiple ways. First it gives me a new understanding in how software can be created and implemented, it also shows me in the importance of creating steps in developing software, so I don’t get overwhelmed and then rush a bad      product. Thes skills can be implemented in any avenue of education to create a well-made product in school.
  How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future professional pathway?
    The skills and knowledge this course have given me give me another avenue for future professional options as now I have the base understanding of graphics which can give me an opportunity to find more options for employment other than base software languages. This will give me more options to look for when completing       this degree program.
